yeah I literally quit so I went to my
partner's back when we were building the
technology company and I was making more
money than I'd ever made your winning
award standing in this beautiful
conference room overlooking the Pacific
Ocean I realized I'm so deeply unhappy
none of this makes sense and that was
really when I began to realize the game
you're playing isn't money it's not
success it's brain chemistry and if you
have all the money and success in the
world and you feel like and you
don't believe in yourself and you think
that you're a bad person and you think
that you're never going to amount to
anything
nothing else matters I can give you
eight billion dollars if you still felt
that way when it literally wouldn't make
a difference